FAQに4項目追加、料金計算ツールの使い方ページの追加他 (#1549)
utelecon/utelecon.github.io: src/pages/en/research_computing/utokyo_azure/support/calculator.mdx

---
title: Pricing calculator
breadcrumb:
  title: "Pricing calculator"
  parent: ../
---

Microsoft Azure provides a fee calculation tool that allows you to estimate the cost of using each service. This tool can be used to estimate in advance to avoid exceeding the Guaranteed Free Tier when using a service, and to investigate the cause of higher than expected charges when using a service. This article explains the procedure and points to note when using the Pricing calculator for UTokyo Azure services.
- [Microsoft Azure Pricing calculator](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/pricing/calculator/)

## Preparation

※ **This step is not necessarily required**. Please perform it if you want to strictly calculate it as an Enterprise Agreement contract. If you want to skip it, proceed to the next **Usage Procedure**.

> - First, Please log in with your UTokyo account. 
> - Select a service, such as Virtual Machine, and select "Enterprise Agreement" under "Select a Program/Offer" at the bottom of the added quote sheet.
> - You will be asked to confirm whether you have an agreement with the University of Tokyo, so please click `Apply`.
> - It will take some time for the price data to be added, so please just wait without doing anything. It usually takes a few minutes.
> - Once the calculator icon disappears, the process is complete. Continue to the next step.

Reviewer: 手順の説明ですので、[ordered list](https://developer.mozilla.org/ja/docs/Web/HTML/Reference/Elements/ol)にしてはいかがでしょうか。
```suggestion
1. Please log in with your UTokyo account. 
2. Select a service, such as Virtual Machine, and select "Enterprise Agreement" under "Select a Program/Offer" at the bottom of the added quote sheet.
3. You will be asked to confirm whether you have an agreement with the University of Tokyo, so please click `Apply`.
4. It will take some time for the price data to be added, so please just wait without doing anything. It usually takes a few minutes.
5. Once the calculator icon disappears, the process is complete. Continue to the next step.
```
